#tops
#assingment
Module-6 

What are the advantages of Bootstrap? 
> Advantages of Bootstrap:
  Easy to use: Anybody with just basic knowledge of HTML and CSS can start using Bootstrap.
  Responsive features: Bootstrap's responsive CSS adjusts to phones, tablets, and desktops.
  Mobile-first approach: In Bootstrap, mobile-first styles are part of the core framework.
  
  
What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
>Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system. 
Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.


What are the default Bootstrap text settings? 
>Default text size are font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5.

What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
>Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive.


What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5 ?
>In bootstrap 4 the positioning feature is absent.And in bootstrap 5 columns can be positioned.
Bootstrap 4 is having Less CSS usability.Bootstrap 5 has More CSS properties also customized properties.
Bootstrap 4 Uses default form development tools. And bootstrap 5 uses Better development of forms.
In bootstrap 4 There is no offcanvas component and in bootstrap 5 The offcanvas component is added.


What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group? 
>Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line
>.btn-group	 is the basic group.


How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails? 
>Step 1: The first step is to include the Bootstrap and jQuery CDN into the head tag before having CSS's stylesheets.

Step 2: We need to create a div tag in our HTML body. We will create three div sections for each image in this div tag. 

Step 3: We can add various col properties for making our page responsive, like col-sm-6 or col-md-3. 

Step 4: You need to create an anchor tag <a>, with a class name - .thumbnail wrapped around an image tag. 

In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox? 
>Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns, navigation, components, and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities.

How can one create an alert in Bootstrap? 
>Alerts are created with the .alert class, followed by one of the four contextual classes .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning or .alert-danger:

What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 
>Bootstrap’s cards provide a flexible and extensible content container with multiple variants and options.
>Add the .card class to a <div> element and inside the <div> element, add another <div> element with the .card-body class to create a basic Bootstrap card. You can add text inside the inner <div> element. This is the most basic card that you can create, and it is a body-only card.
